Alright, this part of the course, we are
going to look at JPA data modelling
with Spring and Hibernate. We're
going to cover a lot of material in this
section. The main thing we're going to be
looking at is setting up JPA Entity
relationships where you have one object
related to another and what we need to
do is we're going to create a data model
for a recipe application which is going
to be pretty cool. We're going to get
into a more complex model where we're
going to have one-to-one JPA
relationships, one-to-many where we'll
have a list associated with a different
entity and then many-to-many where we'll
have something like a product and
categories where we'll have a
many-to-many relationship. And towards
the end of the module, we're going to set
up Spring data JPA repositories. We
already saw that. This allows us to do
CRUD operations pretty easy against the
database. Then we're going to talk about
database initialization. This is a pretty
pretty beefy concept that we need to
talk about. Just getting the database
initialized and this is talking about
setting up the database tables and also
initializing the database with the
initial data. And finally the last
portion of this module I should say, we
are going to look at displaying a list
of recipes on the index page. We just
want to get the recipes loaded up there
with a referential data. We'll have all
this set up and then we are going to use
Spring MVC and Thymeleaf to show a list of
recipes on an index page.